Updating lifecycle with "Private" Status (#7988)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/product-lifecycles.md

<Constant name="cloud" /> features all fall into one of the following categories:

> - **Beta:** Beta features are incomplete and might not be entirely stable; they should be used at the customer’s risk, as breaking changes could occur. Beta features might not be fully documented, technical support is limited, and service level objectives (SLOs) might not be provided. Download the [Beta Features Terms and Conditions](/assets/beta-tc.pdf) for more details. If a beta feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs and access is not self-service. If there is documentation, it will include steps for requesting access.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Beta:** Beta features are incomplete and might not be entirely stable; they should be used at the customer’s risk, as breaking changes could occur. Beta features might not be fully documented, technical support is limited, and service level objectives (SLOs) might not be provided. Download the [Beta Features Terms and Conditions](/assets/beta-tc.pdf) for more details. If a beta feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs, and access is not self-service. If documentation is available, it will include instructions for requesting access.
```

> - **Beta:** Beta features are incomplete and might not be entirely stable; they should be used at the customer’s risk, as breaking changes could occur. Beta features might not be fully documented, technical support is limited, and service level objectives (SLOs) might not be provided. Download the [Beta Features Terms and Conditions](/assets/beta-tc.pdf) for more details. If a beta feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs, and access is not self-service. If documentation is available, it will include instructions for requesting access.

Reviewer: I feel like "in development" is less scary and more accurate. 
```suggestion
- **Beta:** Beta features are in development and might not be entirely stable; they should be used at the customer’s risk, as breaking changes could occur. Beta features might not be fully documented, technical support is limited, and service level objectives (SLOs) might not be provided. Download the [Beta Features Terms and Conditions](/assets/beta-tc.pdf) for more details. If a beta feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs, and access is not self-service. If documentation is available, it will include instructions for requesting access.
```

> - **Preview:**  Preview features are stable and considered functionally ready for production deployments. Some planned additions and modifications to feature behaviors could occur before they become generally available. New functionality that is not backward compatible could also be introduced. Preview features include documentation, technical support, and service level objectives (SLOs). Features in preview are provided at no extra cost, although they might become paid features when they become generally available. If a preview feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs and access is not self-service. Refer to the feature documentation for instructions on requesting access.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Preview:**  Preview features are stable and considered functionally ready for production deployments. Some planned additions and modifications to feature behaviors could occur before they become generally available. New functionality that is not backward compatible could also be introduced. Preview features include documentation, technical support, and service level objectives (SLOs). Features in preview are provided at no extra cost, although they might become paid features when they become generally available. If a preview feature is marked `Private`, it must be enabled by dbt Labs, and access is not self-service. Refer to the feature documentation for instructions on requesting access.
```
